This file describes some new features I want added to the site to enrich the live scoring experience.

1. When any live game is in progress, after each full live scoring update, I want a "snapshot" of each matchup's score to be recorded. Then for a given matchup, I want to use this data to construct an ESPN-style "Game Flow" chart that shows a time series of both teams' scores throughout the night. The beginning of the chart should be the first update when live scoring is activated for the day, and the end of the chart should be 6a ET. The two lines, representing the two teams' respective scores, should be color coded with an available legend. A chart icon should be added after the header of the game details modal, and clicking this icon should toggle the modal from the current, traditional view to the "game flow" view that displays the chart. Clicking the icon again should return the modal to its traditional state. Hovering over the chart (or pressing and holding on mobile) should show the user the matchup's score at that particular time. This game flow view should be available in the modals of completed games for which there is available game flow data as well. This is a new change for Season 9 - season 8 files, modals, etc. should not be affected. This has to be well-optimized for mobile because over 80% of users visit the site on their phone. Care should be taken to ensure that there are no breaking changes with respect to the site's current functionality.

2. Further - upon every full update, after collecting the scores for all users playing that day, I want some sort of live daily leaderboard stats to be calculated - the highest 3 current player scores (and their rank), lowest 3 current player scores (and their rank), the current median daily player score, and a leaderboard of starting players with their % above/below the current median. Some sort of leaderboard icon should be added to the top left corner of the Live Games section of /S9/RKL-S9.html; clicking this icon should toggle that section's content from the standard scoreboard view to show the daily leaderboard data. Note: in the special case of preseason games, the same team/player can be playing multiple games on the same date. Each player should only have one entry on the various daily leaderboards, though.

3. Finally, because these are new features being tested, I want you to add some sort of button to the admin portal that allows me to quickly and cleanly remove the game flow and daily leaderboard icons from view, in case something is broken and I don't want the public to see the content while I debug it.
